README.md, before:

# Document Chatbot

[![CI](https://github.com/huskerwin/opencodetesting/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/huskerwin/opencodetesting/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)

This project is a Streamlit chatbot that lets users upload documents and ask questions about the content.

## Documentation

- Full architecture and runtime diagrams: `docs/architecture.md`
- Usage guide: `docs/usage.md`
- Deployment notes: `docs/deployment.md`
- Changelog: `CHANGELOG.md`

## What it does

- Upload one or more `.docx` or `.pdf` files
- Extract text and split it into searchable chunks
- Run OCR on scanned PDF pages when needed
- Retrieve the most relevant chunks for each question
- Generate an answer using OpenAI (if configured)
- Show source chunks used to answer each question

If no OpenAI key is configured, the app still works in retrieval mode and returns the closest excerpts.

## Tech stack

- Python 3.11+
- Streamlit for the chat UI
- `python-docx` for reading Word files
- `pypdf` for reading PDF files
- `pypdfium2` + `pytesseract` for OCR on scanned PDF pages
- In-memory TF-IDF retrieval (no external vector DB)
- OpenAI Chat Completions API (optional, for best answers)

## Quick start

1. Create and activate a virtual environment:

```bash
python -m venv .venv
.venv\Scripts\activate
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Install Tesseract OCR (required for scanned/image PDFs):

- Windows: install from https://github.com/UB-Mannheim/tesseract/wiki
- Then either add Tesseract to PATH or set `TESSERACT_CMD` in `.env`
- The app auto-detects common Windows install paths if available

4. (Optional but recommended) configure environment variables:

```bash
copy .env.example .env
```

Then update `.env` with your API key and OCR settings if needed.

5. Start the app:

```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

6. In the UI:

- Upload `.docx` or `.pdf` file(s)
- Click **Process documents**
- Ask questions in the chat box

## Running tests

Run the automated unit test suite with:

```bash
python -m pytest -q
```

The tests cover core ingestion, OCR fallback logic, retrieval ranking, LLM
fallback behavior, and upload processing workflows.

## Project standards

- License: `LICENSE` (MIT)
- Contributing: `CONTRIBUTING.md`
- Code of conduct: `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`
- Security policy: `SECURITY.md`
- Support channels: `SUPPORT.md`

## Notes

- Current upload support is `.docx` and `.pdf` files.
- Scanned/image-only PDFs are supported through OCR (Tesseract required).
- OCR runs automatically for PDF pages with little or no extractable text.
- Large documents are chunked by words for better retrieval.
- Retrieval is in-memory; restarting the app clears indexed documents.

Commit message:

feat: add Salesforce-style nonprofit CRM workspace
Introduce persistent donor, engagement, opportunity, campaign, and reconciliation modules with smart name search so fundraising and finance teams can run gift operations and monthly close in one app.

README.md, after:

# Document Chatbot

[![CI](https://github.com/huskerwin/opencodetesting/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/huskerwin/opencodetesting/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)

This project includes two Streamlit apps:

- A document chatbot for Q&A over uploaded files.
- A nonprofit CRM for donor management, engagement tracking, and donation reconciliation.

## Nonprofit CRM quick start

Run the CRM app with:

```bash
streamlit run nonprofit_crm_app.py
```

Core CRM capabilities:

- Salesforce Nonprofit Cloud-inspired layout and terminology
- Accounts/Contacts records for individuals and organizations
- Opportunity management with stage pipeline and probability tracking
- Campaign management with rollup progress against campaign goals
- Engagement plan task timeline and follow-up workflows
- Gift Entry + Ledger linking for audit-ready donation accounting
- Bank transaction matching and monthly reconciliation workflow

## Documentation

- Full architecture and runtime diagrams: `docs/architecture.md`
- Usage guide: `docs/usage.md`
- Deployment notes: `docs/deployment.md`
- Changelog: `CHANGELOG.md`

## What it does

- Upload one or more `.docx` or `.pdf` files
- Extract text and split it into searchable chunks
- Run OCR on scanned PDF pages when needed
- Retrieve the most relevant chunks for each question
- Generate an answer using OpenAI (if configured)
- Show source chunks used to answer each question

If no OpenAI key is configured, the app still works in retrieval mode and returns the closest excerpts.

## Tech stack

- Python 3.11+
- Streamlit for the chat UI
- `python-docx` for reading Word files
- `pypdf` for reading PDF files
- `pypdfium2` + `pytesseract` for OCR on scanned PDF pages
- In-memory TF-IDF retrieval (no external vector DB)
- OpenAI Chat Completions API (optional, for best answers)

## Quick start

1. Create and activate a virtual environment:

```bash
python -m venv .venv
.venv\Scripts\activate
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Install Tesseract OCR (required for scanned/image PDFs):

- Windows: install from https://github.com/UB-Mannheim/tesseract/wiki
- Then either add Tesseract to PATH or set `TESSERACT_CMD` in `.env`
- The app auto-detects common Windows install paths if available

4. (Optional but recommended) configure environment variables:

```bash
copy .env.example .env
```

Then update `.env` with your API key and OCR settings if needed.

5. Start the app:

```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

6. In the UI:

- Upload `.docx` or `.pdf` file(s)
- Click **Process documents**
- Ask questions in the chat box

## Running tests

Run the automated unit test suite with:

```bash
python -m pytest -q
```

The tests cover core ingestion, OCR fallback logic, retrieval ranking, LLM
fallback behavior, and upload processing workflows.

## Project standards

- License: `LICENSE` (MIT)
- Contributing: `CONTRIBUTING.md`
- Code of conduct: `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`
- Security policy: `SECURITY.md`
- Support channels: `SUPPORT.md`

## Notes

- Current upload support is `.docx` and `.pdf` files.
- Scanned/image-only PDFs are supported through OCR (Tesseract required).
- OCR runs automatically for PDF pages with little or no extractable text.
- Large documents are chunked by words for better retrieval.
- Retrieval is in-memory; restarting the app clears indexed documents.
